Add some user and tech doc (#3)
vgramer/opa-idea-plugin: docs/user/features/comment_code.md

# Comment / Uncomment code

> Rego support only one type of comment: `line comment`. This action is bind to native idea shortcut for code commenting.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rego supports only one type of comment: `line comment`. This action is bound to native Intellij shortcut for code commenting.  
```

You change this shortcut in `Settings` -> `keypmap` -> `Comment with Line Comment`

> *note: block comment is not supported, so if you try to it on a `rego` file, nothing will happen* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*note: block comment is not supported, so if you try to perform it on a `rego` file, nothing will happen* .
```
